hey guys thanks for checking into its
pics post game and this is MJ and I'm
here to bring you the two-minute cheese
so today we're going to talk about
Disney infinity 3.0 and the new
announcement that Star Wars rise against
the Empire playset is going to be
announced which includes Luke Skywalker
Leia and includes a Death Star which is
I find really interesting because the
Death Star if anyone knows anything
about the Infinity sets which can buy
from various stores the middle piece
which is the clear piece generally is is
actual mission or campaign that you can
play in the game so we can see here that
it is going to be a space space mission
in it there's going to be Death Star
missions it's going to be focused on the
Death Star which is really really cool
because they've already announced Darth
Vader Han Solo Chewbacca etc etc another
interesting aspect of this is that
they're also including Anakin Skywalker
as well as ahsoka tano who's one of the
Jedi Knights that you're able to play as
as well as one of the main characters
from this clone wars series in the
Republic play set piece which is also
another piece that they announced for
the three-point o Star Wars series now
we know just from looking at the
packaging hear that you're going to be
able to play as Yoda and c3po those who
played the previous disney infinity's
will notice that the difficulty isn't
very high on in infinity 2 point 0 week
means akka blasted through infinity 2
point 0 on extremely difficult and
didn't find it nearly as difficult as
any other game on normal of course it is
meant for the younger audience but we
can see in disney infinity three pointer
in corporated the Star Wars theme and
various other themes into the
three-point Oh playsets that we are
going to see an increase in difficulty
an increase in gameplay action and oh
and an overall increase in kind of the
content that they can put in the game
since they have all the previous 2 point
0 and 1 point L figures just rounding
about two minutes here this is MJ from
fixed-dose gaming and this is your
two-minute cheese and that's the crunch
you